docs/blockchain.md, before:

# How Blockchain works
### via IBM - https://www.ibm.com/topics/blockchain

- Distributed ledger technology
    All network participants have access to the distributed ledger and its immutable record of transactions. With this shared ledger, transactions are recorded only once, eliminating the duplication of effort that’s typical of traditional business networks.
- Immutable records
    No participant can change or tamper with a transaction after it’s been recorded to the shared ledger. If a transaction record includes an error, a new transaction must be added to reverse the error, and both transactions are then visible.
- Smart contracts
    To speed transactions, a set of rules that are called a smart contract is stored on the blockchain and run automatically. A smart contract defines conditions for corporate bond transfers, include terms for travel insurance to be paid and much more.
- As each transaction occurs, it is recorded as “block" of data
    Those transactions show the movement of an asset that can be tangible (a product) or intangible (intellectual). The data block can record the information of your choice: who, what, when, where, how much. It can even record the condition, such as the temperature of a food shipment.
- Each block is connected to the ones before and after it
    These blocks form a chain of data as an asset moves from place to place or ownership changes hands. The blocks confirm the exact time and sequence of transactions, and the blocks link securely together to prevent any block from being altered or a block being inserted between two existing blocks.
- Transactions are blocked together in an irreversible chain: a blockchain
    Each additional block strengthens the verification of the previous block and hence the entire blockchain. Rendering the blockchain tamper-evident, delivering the key strength of immutability. Removing the possibility of tampering by a malicious actor, and builds a ledger of transactions you and other network members can trust.

Commit message:

[DOC] + tech stack to docs, tweaks for md syntax

docs/blockchain.md, after:

# How Blockchain works

## via IBM - <https://www.ibm.com/topics/blockchain>

- Distributed ledger technology
    All network participants have access to the distributed ledger and its immutable record of transactions. With this shared ledger, transactions are recorded only once, eliminating the duplication of effort that’s typical of traditional business networks.
- Immutable records
    No participant can change or tamper with a transaction after it’s been recorded to the shared ledger. If a transaction record includes an error, a new transaction must be added to reverse the error, and both transactions are then visible.
- Smart contracts
    To speed transactions, a set of rules that are called a smart contract is stored on the blockchain and run automatically. A smart contract defines conditions for corporate bond transfers, include terms for travel insurance to be paid and much more.
- As each transaction occurs, it is recorded as “block" of data
    Those transactions show the movement of an asset that can be tangible (a product) or intangible (intellectual). The data block can record the information of your choice: who, what, when, where, how much. It can even record the condition, such as the temperature of a food shipment.
- Each block is connected to the ones before and after it
    These blocks form a chain of data as an asset moves from place to place or ownership changes hands. The blocks confirm the exact time and sequence of transactions, and the blocks link securely together to prevent any block from being altered or a block being inserted between two existing blocks.
- Transactions are blocked together in an irreversible chain: a blockchain
    Each additional block strengthens the verification of the previous block and hence the entire blockchain. Rendering the blockchain tamper-evident, delivering the key strength of immutability. Removing the possibility of tampering by a malicious actor, and builds a ledger of transactions you and other network members can trust.

## Our Tech Stack

We will utilize Rust, Parity Substrate and more technologies!
